p1: "Excavation was begun in April of 1972 and closed on September 1, 1972."

p2: "Dr. Jensen refers to the large herbivore as "Big George".

p2: "Both of Big George's eight-foot-long shoulder blades were uncovered at the quarry" by this time.

p2: "In addition to the scapulae, an enormous pelvis was extracted from the quarry which measured more than six feet in width and weighed more than two tons. Dr. Jensen's first analysis was that the pelvis also belonged to Big George, although subsequent study has indicated this might not be so."

p2: Jensen thinks the new specimen "will not only require a new genus and species, but also a new family and perhaps even a new infra-order".

p2: "Quarry closes -- Fate remains uncertain" section says "The unexpected find of extra bones insured its use till the last day of August. Then everyone left. The tents were taken down, the trailers moved, the road covered up again. Only the shower stall and latrine remained. "He might very well find the complete skeletons of many of the new animals discovered", said Linton. But how soon -- if ever -- that will be isn't known."

p5: "Through mid-July [1972, we assume from the above] the world knew nothing of Dr. Jensen's discoveries; then a news reporter was sent to the location by BYU. His photographs and stories were carried on all the wire services and it wasn't long until writers and photographers from all over the United States arrived at Dry Mesa Quarry. Stories appeared in newspapers and on television stations around the world. From that point on, Dry Mesa was no longer a lonely place; hundreds of visitors convergedon the location from scientists to vacationers."

The implication is that there should be some publications from 1972, though they will likely not use the name "Supersaurus".

p7: "[Ken] Stadtman note a careful identification system is extremely important. As a bone is found, it is mapped and logged into a record which tells what it is and when and where it was found."

p8: "The most important and time-consuming portion of creating the movie was the editing, which took twelve months, said [producer-director John] Linton." So filming was complete in 1972.

p8: "The film crew started shooting the documentary from the very first part of the excavation, which began in the spring of 1972."

The name Supersaurus seems to be avoided throughout, except in the very last sentence in the last page of the whole pamphlet: "Their titles are "In Search of Supersaurus", "In Search of Gondwanaland", "Putting the Past Together Again", "The World's Largest and Smallest Dinosaurs" and "Feathered Dinosaurs"."

